How often will you have to move in your career? So my classmate from Naval
Academy, four balls from Brooklyn they've created lived actually
on 84th Street in Brooklyn, and up until we were department heads,
Dave had moved twice. I didn't move 11 times that that Now Dave is
vice admiral, deputy for Stratcom. He said. The move a couple of times
now or since since we've been in the Army heads together. Um, the
Navy is trying to do homesteading and homesteading is good for the
whole. There's no stigma attached to hold steady. It's here if you get
it. But first and foremost, it's needs off the Navy. Most of the
needs not always gonna be in the whole four year old means in the Navy.
Just that which applies. I wouldn't be where they need you. That's
you go with any jet. They kind of go yet you know your next duty
station afterwards, so you hope about details should help you out